Array slice sample (#1)
JoelMarcey/rust-lang-spec: specification/arrays.md

> An array is a numbered, fixed-size sequence of elements of a single [type](link to type spec), called the element type. The element type of an array can be any Rust [type](link to type spec). 

Reviewer: Does the size of the element type of an array need to be known at compile time? I am not sure that this is even applicable, but I thought that I would note it.

Reviewer: cf https://spec.ferrocene.dev/types-and-traits.html#syntax_arraytypespecification

```
The [element type](https://spec.ferrocene.dev/glossary.html#term_element_type) shall be a [fixed sized type](https://spec.ferrocene.dev/glossary.html#term_fixed_sized_type).
```

where it says that the *element type* needs to have a fixed size.

> The size of an array must evaluate to a non-negative constant expression represented by at value of type `usize`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of an array must evaluate to a non-negative constant expression represented by a value of type `usize`.
```

> Arrays are stored in contiguous memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array elements are stored contiguously in memory.
```

> Arrays can be mutable, insofar as their elements can change, but the size and type are always immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size and type of an array are immutable; the elements of an array are immutable, too, unless the array is declared mutable.
```

## Array Type Specification

```
array-type:
    : '[' any-type ; array-size ']' '=' array-initializer 
    ;

any-type:
    : [type](link to type spec)
    ;

array-size:
    : ['usize'](link to usize spec)
    ;

array-initializer:
    : '[' array-element-list ']'
    | '[' *repeat-expression ']'
    ;

array-element-list*:
    : array-element
    | array-element-list ',' array-element
    ;

array-element:
    : expression
    ;

repeat-expression:
    : expression ; ['usize'](link to usize spec)
    ;
```

### Examples

```
let mut _spec_a: [i32; 3] = [3; 3]; // repeat expression
let _spec_b: [String; 2] = [String::from("hi"), String::from("bye")];
let _spec_c: [[i32; 2]; 3] = [[1, 2], [3, 4], [5, 6]];
let _spec_d: [u64; 0] = [];
```

## Array Creation

> There are two ways to create an array, either via a list of specific elements of the same type or a repeat expression of the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to initialize an array at the time of its declaration:
1. a list of specific elements whose type matches the element type of the array being declared; or
2. a repeat expression whose expression has the same type as the element type of the array being declared.
```

```
array-initializer:
    : '[' array-element-list ']'
    | '[' *repeat-expression ']'
    ;

array-element-list*:
    : array-element
    | array-element-list ',' array-element
    ;

array-element:
    : expression
    ;

repeat-expression:
    : expression ; ['usize'](link to usize spec)
    ;
```

### Examples

#### List

```
let _cre_a: [i32; 2] = [3, 3];
let _cre_b: [String; 2] = [String::from("hi"), String::from("bye")];
```

#### Repeat Expression

```
let _cre_c = [0; 3];
let _cre_d = ["repeat"; 10];
```

## Array Access

Arrays are accessed by index, with the first element of the array having an index of 0. Thus, the range of indices for an array in Rust is `0..(array-size - 1)`. 

> Any attempt to access an array out side the bounds of its size will result in an `index out of bounds` compiler error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an index `i` of type `usize` and value `i > (array-size - 1)` will result in an `index out of bounds` compilation error.
```

```
array-access-expression:
    : array '[' array-index ']'
    ;

array-index:
    : usize
    ;
```

## Array Updates

> If the array is mutable, as defined by the `mut` keyword, the array elements can be updated. The size and type of the array can never change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the array is declared mutable by using the `mut` keyword, the array elements can be updated. Again, the size and type of the array are immutable.
```

> Updating the value of an array element is performed by specifying the index of the element to be changed and setting it to the new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the value of an array element is performed by specifying the index of the element to be changed and setting it to a new value whose type is the same as the type of the elements of the array. 
```

> Updating the value of an array element is performed by specifying the index of the element to be changed and setting it to the new value.

Reviewer: Would we want assignment like this to automatically invoke an `Into::into` upon assignment if the type of elements of the array are different than the value in the assignment?
